start with this help page (a slightly older version is recorded)
follow "_with_"
drop center stitch: `ctc` -> `-`
![wand](../images/wand.png) generate new diagrams
reload web page : restores original diagrams
scroll down to advanced section
drop center stitch: `353,153` -> `-5-,5-5-`
![wand](../images/wand.png) : different prototype, same pair/thread diagram
follow (i)
follow "_stitches_"
copy edge stitch
previous browser tab
paste the copied stitch and edit into turning stitch.
Note that ctc, twist one pair, ctc is a single stitch for GroundForge.
It makes the runner changing direction, therefore: turning stitch.
![link](../images/link.png)
reload web page
current pattern is reloaded
create favourite
"_animate_" pair diagram
increase thread diagram container (alternative: ![](../images/size-inc.jpg) ![](../images/size-dec.jpg))
scroll down to get thread container back into view
toggle thread color when tooltip displays thread number